[Autogenerated] while our instances initializing we
do need to download and prepare.
Our demo application to deploy.
The application is included with the exercise files
in the Pluralsight class page.
You can also download the application from my GitHub account using this address,
you can download a zip file with the code directly from GitHub or
clone the GitHub account if you prefer Either way,
get the demo application code whichever way is most comfortable to you now
open a command line and navigate to the folder where you downloaded and
unpacked the demo application code We're going to use npm to read the
dependency requirements in the package dot JSON file and download
dependencies from the NPM registry,
execute the command npm install once the progress bar
completes all the dependencies downloaded will output and
you'll be back at your prompt at this point.
Everything should be ready to start up the application.
So run the command npm start this will execute the index dot Js file in our
Pizza folder which will run the application and listen on port 3000 and if
you ever happen to need to stop this process.
Hit control C Now open a browser and go to local host colon 3000.
You should see Pizza lovers appear and you can play around with it.
It should be fully functioning and Pizza Licious by now.
Our instance should be initialized.
So let's go ahead and get back to it.
All right, let's take a look at the instance we just created.
Open up the web console and go to the ec two dashboard Now in the dashboard
summary we should see a line with one running instances,
click on that to go to the instance list and then select our
pizza hoagie instance at the bottom of the screen is the
details of that particular instance.
There's a ton of good information but right now I just want to
call out a few relevant pieces first we can see that there is
actually no public IP for this instance.
Next we can see that there is a private IP and it's in the range of
addresses that we configured for a VPc and submit.
Our EC two instance currently has no public IP address which means
that even though we configured security groups to allow ssh
sessions from anywhere there's no way to connect because there's no
public in point outside the VPc.
So we need to add an I.
P.
To our instance to assign this instance a public IP address We
will first create an elastic IP elastic I.
P s are basically public I.
P addresses that can be associated with instances.
If the underlying instance is terminated.
The elastic IP will still exist and can be associated with a different instance.
This is very useful when you're building services or configuring DNS off
of I P addresses that you need to stay consistent.
We will create an elastic iP and associated to our
current ec two instance in the left menu,
select elastic IPs the elastic IP list should be empty.
So click allocate elastic IP address then allocate now we have a public
IP address that once associated with an instance can be used to connect
to it with that elastic IPs selected,
click the actions button above and select associate elastic IP address will be
associating this elastic iP to our pizza hoagie instance.
So in the instance drop down, select pizza O G.
In the next field we need to select a private IP to connect to
click the drop down and select the only IP available now click
associate the elastic IP details.
Window will update with the Ec two instance that it is associated with.
If you click on the instance link,
it will take us to the instance details and we can see that the
instance now shows that it has a public IP address copy this iP
address so that we can use it next.
Now that we have an endpoint,
let's connect Windows Mac and Linux users can use ssh to
connect to our instance for Windows you may need to install
open SSH but once it's installed,
the instructions should be the same since I'm using a Mac.
The only difference will be the file path format in the
command line open a command line.
We first need to modify our key pair file that we downloaded.
So SSH will let us use it for Mac and Linux users enter the command
ch mod 400 path to the pEM file for Windows users you may not need
to do this or you may have to use the Windows Explorer menu through
the GUI This will change the permissions of that file so it's only
readable by us.
Now.
We can enter the ssh command to connect to our instance at the prompt,
enter SSH dash I the path to your PEM file,
Then EC 2- User at the elastic iP of your instance.
Here's an example of that.
Every Ec.
Two instance sets up Ec two user as the default user name to log into,
which is why we are using that to log into this instance.
Once you execute this command,
there should be a message about the authenticity of the host and
type us here and then you should be presented with a new prompt
after an Ask e arte E C two logo.
Now we have successfully connected to our instance and we can proceed to deploy our application to it